docs: Added note about Binder automatic application of converts (#1346)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/binding-data/components-binder-beans.asciidoc

If you use JSR-303 validators, you should use [classname]`BeanValidationBinder`, which picks validators automatically when using [methodname]`bindInstanceFields()`.

=== Automatically Applied Converters

The [methodname]`bindInstanceFields()` method can simplify [classname]`Binder` configuration by automatically applying out of the box converters from package `com.vaadin.flow.data.converter` for known types.

> Automatism is applied only for fields that are not manually configured using [methodname]`forField()` or [methodname]`forMemberField()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic choice is made only for fields that are not manually configured using [methodname]`forField()` or [methodname]`forMemberField()`.
```

Converter instances are created using the [classname]`ConverterFactory` provided by [methodname]`Binder.getConverterFactory()` method.
If a suitable converter cannot be created, [methodname]`bindInstanceFields()` throws an [classname]`IllegalStateException`.

> The mechanism can be augmented with custom converters, by extending [classname]`Binder` and overriding [methodname]`getConverterFactory()`, so that it returns a custom [classname]`ConverterFactory` implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converter's list can be augmented with custom converters, by extending [classname]`Binder` and overriding [methodname]`getConverterFactory()`, so that it returns a custom [classname]`ConverterFactory` implementation.
```
